README.md, before:

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT -->
# My Project

## Intended Usage

⚠️ //TODO// Describe your example! Eg: This project is made for cooking the best Tiramisu. It works best with high quality ingredients and the best tools. Please describe your project as accurately and concisely as possible to help others understand your use case.

## Installation

⚠️ //TODO// Add your information and describe how the project can be used.

## Contributing

We welcome any contributions.
If you want to contribute to this project, please read the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

Please read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Daimler/daimler-foss/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) as it is our base for interaction.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Provider Information

Please visit <https://www.daimler-tss.com/en/imprint/> for information on the provider.

Notice: Before you use the program in productive use, please take all necessary precautions,
e.g. testing and verifying the program with regard to your specific use.
The program was tested solely for our own use cases, which might differ from yours.

Commit message:

Initial commit of MOSIM tools.

README.md, after:

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT -->

# MOSIM_Tools

![mosim](https://mosim.eu/____impro/1/onewebmedia/MOSIM%20Logo%20white%20background%20150.png?etag=%221b8a-5c57fd19%22&sourceContentType=image%2Fpng&ignoreAspectRatio&resize=150%2B84&extract=0%2B7%2B149%2B59)


## Intended Usage

This repository contains tools that use and incorporate the MOSIM/MMI framework provided in [MOSIM_Core](https://github.com/Daimler/MOSIM_Core).
A comprehensive overview of the framework is available at [MOSIM ITEA3 Website](https://itea3.org/project/workpackage/document/download/5770/MMU%20concept%20and%20interface%20specification.pdf).

![concept](https://mosim.eu/____impro/1/onewebmedia/Artchitecture.png?etag=W%2F%2217ea6-5d566ea0%22&sourceContentType=image%2Fpng&ignoreAspectRatio&resize=845%2B366&extract=20%2B22%2B801%2B334)




## Installation

All tools contained in the repository utilize pre-built binaries of the core framework.
To utilize the respective tool, either the Unity project or the visual studio solution must be built.



>>>>>>> Release

## Contributing

We welcome any contributions.
If you want to contribute to this project, please read the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

Please read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Daimler/daimler-foss/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) as it is our base for interaction.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Provider Information

Please visit <https://www.daimler-tss.com/en/imprint/> for information on the provider.

Notice: Before you use the program in productive use, please take all necessary precautions,
e.g. testing and verifying the program with regard to your specific use.
The program was tested solely for our own use cases, which might differ from yours.
